README.md, before:

# BlockNumberish

A simple utility contract to get the current block number on different chains.

## Gas breakdown

| Operation                          | Gas Used |
| ---------------------------------- | -------- |
| `block.number`                     | 7        |
| `getBlockNumberish` (other chains) | 68       |
| `getBlockNumberish` (arbitrum)     | 5154     |
| bytecode size                      | 47       |

## Installation

Add BlockNumberish to your foundry repo:

```bash
forge install https://github.com/Uniswap/blocknumberish
```

#### Table of Contents

- [Setup](#setup)
- [Deployment](#deployment)
- [Docs](#docs)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Setup

Follow these steps to set up your local environment:

- [Install foundry](https://book.getfoundry.sh/getting-started/installation)
- Install dependencies: `forge install`
- Build contracts: `forge build`
- Test contracts: `forge test`

If you intend to develop on this repo, follow the steps outlined in [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md#install).

## Deployment

This repo utilizes versioned deployments. For more information on how to use forge scripts within the repo, check [here](CONTRIBUTING.md#deployment).

Smart contracts are deployed or upgraded using the following command:

```shell
forge script script/Deploy.s.sol --broadcast --rpc-url <rpc_url> --verify
```

## Docs

The documentation and architecture diagrams for the contracts within this repo can be found [here](docs/).
Detailed documentation generated from the NatSpec documentation of the contracts can be found [here](docs/autogen/src/src/).
When exploring the contracts within this repository, it is recommended to start with the interfaces first and then move on to the implementation as outlined [here](CONTRIBUTING.md#natspec--comments)

## Contributing

If you want to contribute to this project, please check [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) first.

## License

MIT

Commit message:

feat: add support for fetching Flashblock numbers on Unichain

README.md, after:

# BlockNumberish

A simple utility contract to get the current block number on different chains. Includes support for fetching Flashblock numbers on Unichain

## Gas breakdown

| Operation                          | Gas Used |
| ---------------------------------- | -------- |
| `block.number`                     | 7        |
| `getBlockNumberish` (other chains) | 68       |
| `getBlockNumberish` (arbitrum)     | 5154     |
| `getFlashblockNumberish` (other chains) | 60       |
| `getFlashblockNumberish` (unichain) | 5165     |
| bytecode size                      | 47       |

## Installation

Add BlockNumberish to your foundry repo:

```bash
forge install https://github.com/Uniswap/blocknumberish
```

#### Table of Contents

- [Setup](#setup)
- [Deployment](#deployment)
- [Docs](#docs)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Setup

Follow these steps to set up your local environment:

- [Install foundry](https://book.getfoundry.sh/getting-started/installation)
- Install dependencies: `forge install`
- Build contracts: `forge build`
- Test contracts: `forge test`

If you intend to develop on this repo, follow the steps outlined in [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md#install).

## Deployment

This repo utilizes versioned deployments. For more information on how to use forge scripts within the repo, check [here](CONTRIBUTING.md#deployment).

Smart contracts are deployed or upgraded using the following command:

```shell
forge script script/Deploy.s.sol --broadcast --rpc-url <rpc_url> --verify
```

## Docs

The documentation and architecture diagrams for the contracts within this repo can be found [here](docs/).
Detailed documentation generated from the NatSpec documentation of the contracts can be found [here](docs/autogen/src/src/).
When exploring the contracts within this repository, it is recommended to start with the interfaces first and then move on to the implementation as outlined [here](CONTRIBUTING.md#natspec--comments)

## Contributing

If you want to contribute to this project, please check [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) first.

## License

MIT
